[sysdig]: release version 1.2.6 of runtime-scanner with fix solution date (#589)
sysdiglabs/charts: charts/sysdig/CHANGELOG.md

This file documents all notable changes to Sysdig Helm Chart. The release numbering uses [semantic versioning](http://semver.org).

## v1.15.29
### Minor changes

> * runtimeScanner: version 1.2.6 with fix solution date when no fix version available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* runtimeScanner: version 1.2.6 ignores the fix solution date of a vuln when no fix version is available
```
